Good evening, family.
Thank you for joining me again tonight.
Well, we got them.
I believe the prayers of the people from this channel—and you know, I know there's a lot of other people praying, but we had thousands of people praying last night at about the same time that he was turned in.
And so, I think it was within the hour.
So, I just want to give God some praise that prayer works.
You know, it's amazing when we all come together; many hands make light work.
And I'm just thankful for her healing, the wife's healing.
What is it, Erica?
Is that right?
Erica's healing.
It helps, you know, to catch the person who murdered her husband.
Praise God that we found him, that there were no other lives lost in this, that the law enforcement did a good job, and that the father had courage enough to turn his son in.
You know, I thought it was interesting that his heart was convicted enough that he went to his pastor and asked for help and counsel.
And the pastor said, "Of course, you should turn your son in," and he held him in his room until the authorities got there because his son was trying to flee.
But I believe because of the prayers of the righteous, because of us praying in agreement that this would be quickly resolved, I believe prayer changes things.
And what an honor to be a part of this.
I'm so thankful that you join me and you take prayer seriously in these last of the last days.
I didn't realize that today the UN was going to have their vote.
So, they had their vote today, and I guess it was ahead of schedule.
I was praying that it was going to happen during the week of the 20th—the 22nd, 23rd—that week, but they held it the day after 9/11 in the UN.
Yesterday, I felt it so strong to pray for New York, to pray for the two-state solution and the things that would be voted upon.
And there were 10 countries that refrained—that sided with Israel—and the rest of the world basically sided against them.
If you see this list, the ones in green are the ones that voted for a two-state solution.
So France, Saudi Arabia, and these other nations are going to try to bring more of a framework in the week of the 20th, 21st, 22nd, 23rd—that week.
So, there's more prayer to be done, but the vote was cast.
And so we see where the nations are divided: the ones that are for Israel and the ones that are not.
And it's pretty alarming.
I guess it was 10 countries, and they were really countries that didn't have a lot of influence that stood by Israel.
From what I understand, even Australia voted for a two-state solution, and Canada, and England.
There were so many that I was shocked to see on that list, very disappointed in it.
But this is what the Lord warned us was coming—a line that would be drawn in the sand of who is for and who is against.
This is an acceleration of what the Lord said: a September to remember.
And boy, it has turned out to be just like the Lord said.
I don't think I'll ever forget this September, ever, already for what we've seen just in the first 12 or 13 days.
Incredible, actually—I mean, for how fast everything has accelerated, even just in this month.
But we see the vote.
Thank God the United States of America stood, just like the Lord said, a Jonathan and David relationship would begin even more in the days ahead.
But we see that even Mark from Canada voted against it.
And this is what the Lord was warning me about Canada.
I don't know why he shows me certain countries specifically over these areas to pray concerning British Columbia in the days ahead for a great earthquake, for 30,000 casualties from an earthquake.
And these are the things that I've been praying over.
But it's much greater than this, as I was shown in the spirit concerning George—I won't say his last name anymore, but George—and he has a lot of influence, that's what I'll say.
I saw him having a meeting with the devil.
And when I was caught up in the spirit, I was allowed to hear through prayer what was going to transpire in the days ahead, of how they would try to create...
you know, the Bible says we wrestle not against flesh and blood.
Ladies and gentlemen, I understand.
Basically, what's happening, what I'm trying to tell you, is that the enemy is trying to come in to wreak havoc in America for a great distraction, for great turbulence to begin—civil unrest, civil wars, things that try to escalate to bring a divide in America.
And when you're distracted inside, like I said with the ants coming up out of the den...
and the Lord showed me specifically five major cities out of the ten, a major event that will happen all on the same day.
All on the same day.
Five major cities.
He showed me Chicago, Philadelphia, Washington DC, New York, and Boston.
These were very...
it was a well-thought-out plan.
I cannot go into the depth of this right now.
The Lord will not allow me to.
But I ask you as a watchman to help me pray, to help me pray for our beautiful country, that the plans of the wicked would be uncovered by law enforcement, by our Homeland Security, by our FBI, by the sheriff's department and local law enforcement, that they would see, even just have a crack, and be led by the Spirit of God concerning these events that the enemy would try to use to kill, steal, and destroy, and cause havoc in our great nation.
So, I'm asking you to help me pray even more tonight.
We have a lot to pray about, but praying over the repercussions of this vote, of what I've seen in the spirit concerning trying to bring forth this two-state solution, bringing forth the end times at a rapid pace—folks, we're right there.
Do you all understand?
If the peace agreement comes and they start to build the third temple soon, look where we are.
We are just right at the edge, I told you, at a waterfall edge.
And it seems like, as it says, labor pains upon a woman.
Contractions do not decrease; they increase as the baby gets ready to be born.
And I told you when we got to September the 23rd, it would be the point of no return.
There's no more epidural.
You know, like the doctor would come in and tell your wife, "Well, you only have this window to get an epidural.
Why?
Because it's too late.
It's time to push.
It's too late.
You're dilated enough.
The baby's coming.
There's no more delay.
It's time for you to push.
" And that's what the Lord was showing me as we cross over in the next two weeks—that things would start to escalate at such a rapid pace for the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
You will see it.
And a lot of people I know are saying that, and they get so mad at me: "Brandon, we believe the rapture of the church is taking place on the 23rd, and you are wrong.
" Well, when you're here on the 24th and the 25th, you can come back and continue to pray with me.
I'm just telling you that's how bold I am about that he is not coming on the 23rd.
I believe we have a great harvest and a great shaking to awaken the body of Christ, a window of opportunity for the church to bring in the lost as quickly as possible.
He doesn't want that any man should perish, but all come to repentance.
And this is one last call, for a great shaking is coming.
As I heard the angels above, from the west to the east yelling, "Woe, woe, woe, America!
A great shaking is no longer coming.
It is here.
" That's what I heard.
They sounded like thunder as I was sitting, and I came out, and the Lord said, "Sit.
" I have a word.
" And I told my wife, "Get the recorder.
We must record what the Father is about to say.
" And I had an open-eyed vision of these massive angelic—I didn't see the angels, but I knew they were angels—I heard them, and I could hear the shaking, and all five voices sounded the same.
But as I had an open-eye vision, I saw the clouds, and I could see the thunder and the clouds shaking.
I don't know how else to describe it, how you see a cloud shaking, but this is what I was seeing.
The clouds vibrated as they said, 'Woe, woe, woe, America.
' And it shook.
I could feel the vibrations coming off of it, and it went from west to east.
And I saw a great earthquake taking place in California.
I saw a great volcano getting ready to go off.
I saw these plots and these five major cities plus these ten, but five are worse than the other five.
Okay, you have five major cities that are hit hard, and five that are not as hard.
They spent most of their money on the five, and that's all.
I don't feel peace; I cannot say anything else.
But you must take this seriously and pray over our beautiful nation.
There's a shaking to awaken.
Everybody said, 'Brandon, did you see Charlie?
Did you see all these things?
' I saw a major minister who would be taken out with a bullet, and it would be called 'the shot heard 'round the world.
' The shot heard 'round the world.
He said it—the Lord said it to me several times.
This was in my private prayer time.
He said, 'A great shaking is coming.
It will try to bring fear in the hearts of men so they won't have revival in buildings—afraid to go, afraid to gather in the country, afraid to gather in public events because of what the enemy has in store to disrupt what God is doing.
God is not going to try; God is going to do.
He is going to have a major revival, and there's no devil in hell that will hold it back.
But it will take us having a backbone like a crowbar to stand in the gap and say, "Thus far, Satan, and no further.
" Do you understand?
' So, as I saw these events taking place on college campuses, at tailgate parties with major events, a man in a green uniform in Denver, and I've seen strategic locations on the Vegas Strip where the big pyramid is, where the water fountains go off, and more events.
The Lord warned me to pray over three men.
It's not just one; it's three.
I saw three men strategically marked.
One is Don Jr.
, and that's why I told you you must pray for this man.
It's very serious to pray a hedge around and about him.
It was nighttime when I saw this happen.
Now, if it happens in the daytime, I don't want to help the enemy out.
I'm just telling you that I know beyond a shadow of a doubt what the Lord has told me to pray and intercede for this man.
He said, 'Pray for him.
' He tells me these things and He visits me, and I feel His presence so strong.
He says, 'Pray for this man.
Pray for leaders in the church.
Pray for this because the enemy has a plan to kill, steal, and destroy.
Pray for Donald Trump's health.
Pray for him, for his heart, and for his veins.
' I saw this, ladies and gentlemen, before it came out in the news that they were checking all this stuff.
You can't get that by the flesh; you get that by the Spirit of God.
And I'm not listening to a devil; I'm listening to the Holy Spirit.
I have communion, I pray, and I seek His face.
And as you seek Him, you will find Him.
If you knock, the door will be opened unto you.
He said, 'I will do nothing on this earth without revealing it to my prophetic voices first.
' Now, I do not consider myself a prophet; I consider myself a watchman, somebody who is called to pray.
Now, I know there's other prophetic ministries on YouTube, and I bless them, but I'm just telling you, Brandon Biggs, I feel that my wife—the Lord's even told us to call our ministry Prayer Changes Things.
And I couldn't call it 'Prayer Changes Things Church' because there was already one there, so I said 'Foundation.
' So, I said, 'Prayer Changes Things.
' That's what we're about.
That's what this YouTube channel, He said, to raise up.
That's what He said: 'Your main mission right now is to raise up one million people, one million prayer warriors.
And through this, I will bring change through the channel in prayer across the world, and the things that I show you will prove to be accurate.
' Now, I'm not saying I've always gotten everything right; I am human.
And this is not here to glorify Brandon, I can assure you of that.
Nobody's going to go, 'Well, Brandon, he is awesome.
' It's never to glorify man.
So maybe He lets you miss it, because it keeps you humble.
It keeps you all cleaned up so you don't get a big head and go, 'Well, I'm such-a-much.
' No, I am not such-a-much.
I'm just Brandon, and I pray just like you do, and I put my clothes on just like you do, and I've got stuff I'm working through just like you do.
Every single one of us has something we're working through.
And anytime you think you're bigger and better—like I've seen a lot of other ministers, they try to have a big head and walk through, and you can't even get them through the doorway because their head is so big.
And I've been raised around them; I see them, and they don't have time for you.
They have big heads.
But I'm going to tell you this: it's time to deflate some egos up in here and realize that we're all human, we're all saved by grace, and all of us have a call to do something to reach the lost.
Every single one of us—not one of us is better than the other.
God's called every single one of you to do something big for Him.
I was a janitor for fifteen years, and I was looked down upon for a lot of my life, with learning disabilities all through school and all the things that I've been through.
But I can tell you, I've been at the bottom of the barrel where everybody looks at you as nothing, and then I've been at the top, and they still look at you similarly.
But I'm going to tell you this: it's not about how man looks at you; it's about how Jesus looks at you and how much He has a hand on you.
And you do exactly what He's told you to do, and you'll do it with great victory.
I need you to be real.
All this Hollywood celebrity crap is over.
Do you understand?
Hollywood Christianity is over.
It's all hands on deck, all striving for the call to say, 'Jesus, I'm here.
Use me.
' You could be the gardener or you could be worth billions, but either way, you're going to stand before the Father, and He's going to judge your works.
He's going to say, 'You know what?
You had a big ego and all these things, and all you did was for the praise of men.
' Whatever you do, in word or deed, do it all to the glory of God.
I don't need somebody to tell me, 'Well done, Brandon,' because I'm looking for a 'Well done' from Him.
And when I get up there, I want Him to say, 'Look, Brandon, you get to do all this in the thousand years because you kept your heart right before Me and you humbled yourself before Me all the time.
You never let ego get in the way.
' That's why I'm continually looking for ways that I can sow in private so I can reap openly over in the thousand years.
You don't understand—I've seen it.
We have a lifetime where usually, if you're blessed, you live past 80.
So we have this ten percent to sow...
this ten percent is maybe less to sow into the thousand years to reap that, but I want to sow into the thousand years.
What I am doing on this side of the earth right now is so that I reap a great harvest for the thousand-year reign.
And yeah, you may say, 'Well...
' but I'm telling you all, that's what Brandon's doing, that's what Diana's doing, and that's what we're doing when we say, 'You know what?
' We may not be around the king's table on this earth or whatever, but I'm around the king's table in heaven.
" Do you understand?
That's what it's about to me.
I want so bad for Him to say, "Well done, thy good and faithful servant," just like I believe He did with Charlie.
"Well done, thy good and faithful servant.
You did it.
Enter into My rest.
" And so, I want to encourage you all to deflate all ego, to deflate it, and just be real.
When you get real with God, He will get real with you.
He'll become real to you.
When you get real with God, He'll become real to you.
That's a better way to say it.
He'll become real to your inner man, because you're not trying to be something that you're not.
He sees right through it.
You are not pretending.
You're not covering things up, and He sees through every motive of why you do it when you do it, and your heart motive of the deepest thing that you think you're covering up.
Maybe even your wife or your husband doesn't see it, but the Father sees it all, and you're not fooling nobody.
You're not fooling Him.
The motives of the heart.
And that's why I say, that's why I believe David says, "Search me and know me.
Create in me a clean heart, O God.
" I want you to really search yourself.
That's why I do it all the time.
I do it.
I do it continually.
"God, show me, create in me a clean heart.
Purify me.
Purify my heart, Lord, through the refining refiner's fire, that You burn out the chaff.
Burn out the trash in my life, and expose the darkness, the hidden things that maybe I don't even realize.
Expose it and clean me.
Make me new before You, Father, so that You're able to use this vessel.
I don't want nothing hindering me at all.
" People are very concerned: "Brandon, you say a lot of things.
Are you not worried to be like a Charlie?
" I'm going to tell you this: I don't think that way.
I don't think that way.
You can't let fear in like that and let it bombard your thoughts.
You know why?
I cast down every high imagination that exalts itself above the word of God.
I put my thoughts on the word.
Yeah, I understand I say a lot of controversial things, but I know that greater is He that is in me than he that is in the world.
And I believe that a thousand shall fall at my side and ten thousand at my right hand.
And if it comes down to it and you go home, you go home with your head held high, saying, "I did exactly what my Father has told me to do.
" The Lord specifically said to me, "Are you willing to die for Me?
Are you willing to die for the cause of Me?
" He stood in my living room.
It was not an open-eye vision.
You may not believe it, but He did.
I can tell you what He was wearing.
I can tell you what He had on.
He turned back around and He looked at me very gruff, and He put His finger right in my face and He said, "Are you willing to die for the cause of Christ, for Me?
" I shook because I knew there was no way I could hide from it.
He could see everything about me at that moment, and there's no way you can lie.
And so, "Oh yes, Lord.
" He can see it.
But when He visited me that night, He said, "I've commissioned you to do what I've called you to do, and you'll do this.
" And He instructed my family and forever changed me.
And it's not something you can just say flippantly.
It's something that has to come deep within you.
There's a lot of lip service, there's a lot of things.
But when it really comes to the rubber meeting the road, I know what I say and I know it's very heavy, but I'm here until I depart this earth to warn you that Jesus Christ is coming, and you must repent and you must stop doing what you're doing, living a compromising life.
You're running out of time.
He said, "If you're hot or cold...
" He said, "If you're lukewarm, I will spew you out of My mouth.
" But many people do not want to hear that every single time.
Like Charlie even was saying, He said, "Go and sin no more.
" But the church doesn't want to talk about, "Well, it's about grace, brother.
You know, we're just going to let people do what they want to do.
You know, it's about grace.
God covered the past, present, and future sins.
" I'm not saying He hasn't covered yours, but He didn't tell you to live like that.
The very sins that you repented of, you went back to.
The very sins you confessed, saying, "I want Jesus Christ to forgive me of my sins.
Well, He forgave me and I'm born again.
" But you went back to the vomit that you asked Him to forgive you from, and you live there and you think it's okay.
"Well, I've got Jesus and I got what I want.
" No.
Either you're sold out or you're not.
No more compromise.
And a lot of people think they can live both.
"I can dabble a little into this, I can dabble in a little of that, and I can go to church on Sunday and I'm going to make the rapture.
" Wrong.
Wrong.
You will not.
I've seen it.
I went to the Tribulation with Jesus.
He took me out of my body and He took me there, and He said, "I want to show you that which is to come.
" And He gave me a glimpse.
I was not allowed to see everything, but you would not believe how many Christians were left here thinking that they were ready and they had their hearts right before Him, scrambling around trying to figure out what just happened and why they were not told it was that serious.
There were thousands upon thousands of Christians that were left.
"Well, I don't believe in a rapture.
" That's your problem.
I'm not here to argue doctrine with you.
I'm here to tell you what I experienced and what I saw, and if you want to believe it, fine.
If you don't, fine.
But I'm going to tell you what I saw, and it's my job to warn you.
And if you have ears to hear, let him hear.
The Bible says, "He that has ears to hear, let him hear what the Spirit is saying.
" And I'm here to warn you that there is a day when the dark ark door will close, and either you're in or you're out, and there will be no turning back from that point.
And it is literal hell on earth.
I saw it.
It is scary.
For the first time in human history and any time in the last thousand years, the Holy Spirit, the feeling of prayer, the covering of the church is gone.
And the reason why everybody worships the Antichrist so quickly is because he has a sense of what you used to feel as a peace that you didn't even realize was here because of the church and the prayer covering that was here on this earth.
Everybody worships him because he has a false sense of peace.
He has a false sense of hope, and everybody believes that he has the solution to their problem because, for the first time, they've ever felt no prayer covering.
It was awful.
There was no Holy Ghost.
There was no presence.
It was void, and it was scary.
The Lord allowed me to feel it.
And most people go, "Well, I don't believe all that, brother.
" Well, if you don't believe it and you don't believe what I'm talking about, fine.
You'll experience it sooner than later.
But I'm here tonight to tell you there's a great shaking coming.
I thought it was neat: my wife bought me a Bible that is waterproof.
It's waterproof.
All these pages, you can get them wet, so you can take this because I have things because I know specifically that there's certain relatives, if they don't give their heart to Jesus Christ, they're going to hell.
And the Lord has warned me.
I've seen some of the folks who get left, and so you get things that they'll be able to have in the woods.
I don't know, trying to think outside the box.
I believe that they'll be born again, but I know what I've seen and I know the preachers that were left in Tribulation.
I've seen them.
I remember who they were—huge ministries, huge—that did not tell people to repent.
They did not tell people that Jesus Christ was coming, and it was a lukewarm gospel, and they are left, and the people were ready to kill them.
I saw them as lynch mobs, and they were as mad as you-know-what, ready, with gnashing of teeth.
I'm talking, they were so angry they were ready to string these people up right there on the spot.
And guess what they did?
They did it right there in the Tribulation.
They killed them right there.
The people were so angry.
There is an absence of God there.
Do you understand, people?
You think people are bad now when they get upset, where we're seeing people killing.
You haven't seen anything.
They riot, pillage, murder, rape, and act crazy because there's no moral balance.
Watch.
It was literal hell on earth.
And when this happens, it takes several days, and then the Antichrist steps onto the scene with a solution.
And I tell you where they meet: they meet in Berlin around a big table.
I was there.
He shows up in a really beautiful car and gets out.
He has a black and white suit on.
It's like one of those—not striped, but beautiful, like a print.
I don't know how to describe it, black and white, but like a beautiful gray, with a white shirt and a black tie.
I can tell you what his hair looks like.
I can tell you everything.
I saw him when he got out of his car.
He walks in, and all the world leaders are around the table, and he tells them, 'I have the solution.
' And when this glory comes on him, it's not the glory of the Lord; it's the glory of the devil.
It's a devil, a demon.
And it comes on him not as a glorious church, but a demonic glow.
But it is similar to how an angel of light comes to deceive people.
He comes and deceives the nations.
Watch, you who do not believe that it's coming and say, 'I don't want Jesus.
I don't want all this.
' Watch, it's coming.
And he sits at a table, and within just about an hour, I watched the meeting.
I was there; Jesus stood by my side, and we watched.
He said, 'Watch and listen.
' I can tell you there was a flat-screen TV behind him.
And he devises a plan and tells everybody, and just like that, all of them surrendered their kingdoms to him.
Why?
Because there was too much chaos throughout the whole world, and nobody knew what to do.
All the children below fifteen and younger were gone.
And the mothers and fathers were frantically looking everywhere for their children.
They couldn't find them because they were gone in the Rapture.
And everybody's freaking out: 'Oh my goodness, where did my child go?
' And mothers were crying and screaming because they couldn't find their kids.
But God spared them from the wrath to come; He was merciful.
And as this took place, I watched the people, and they were burning everything down, literally burning everything down.
It was crazy—worse than when it was back then during the George Floyd and BLM protests.
It was like that on steroids, but all around the world.
Whenever you have an experience like I had over eleven years ago, you still remember even the way the blood smelled.
I still remember the way the smoke smelled.
There was so much detail, and even the way it felt outside.
I have never forgotten it.
I can tell you everything as if it were that day.
I can tell you what the sky looked like.
I can tell you the moments after the Rapture of the church takes place.
I saw the sky, and it was alive.
Lightning was everywhere, and the clouds were moving.
It was the most intense lightning storm I've ever seen, but it wasn't just in one place; it was everywhere at the same time.
And it looked like a blanket of lightning all above in the heavens.
I could see it.
And people were screaming, pointing, and freaking out.
I'll never forget the terror on their faces as they saw cars burning and things taking place.
Just a short while later, they start gathering up the Bibles and making you bring them in when the Antichrist takes over.
He tells everybody, 'You have to bring your Bible to the courthouse.
You have to bring it to your local law enforcement.
' And he wanted every one of them.
And then they burned them, by the millions in piles.
I saw stacks of Bibles as high as you could see.
They were throwing them in the air and burning them, trying to erase this.
They are so scared of this.
You should read this every single day because the enemy is so scared of this.
Why are they so scared of this?
Why do they hate this book so much?
Why have so many people died for this cause to have this Bible in your hand that you take for granted every single day?
Many of you, not saying all of you, but there are many of you that take this Bible for granted.
You hold it in your hand and it's so dear, but yet it has dust on it.
And when the Antichrist gets a hold of it, he puts them all in the fire and burns them all.
Why?
You have to ask yourself that.
It's very interesting to me because there's life in it, because it will change you as you read it, because this is God.
That's Him, that's His heart, that's everything about Him.
It's beautiful.
But after he does all that and it all burns, then he brings his own flag in.
And I've told you all what the flag looks like.
The flag comes, and the flag is his own thing.
And they take all the other flags down.
They take everybody else's flag down and they put his flag upon the courthouses and governmental buildings, and it represents him.
I can tell you exactly what that flag is: there are five stars, and it's the five pillars of Islam.
It's right there.
That's what the flag looks like.
I had my son make it.
I'll give you a second; you can look at it.
But that's what the flag looks like.
And they put it on the courthouses all throughout the world.
And every Friday, you're going to be required to worship him.
Every Friday, you put on a white garment, and you sing in single file lines on little mats, and you are to worship him on Fridays on major screens translated throughout the whole world in your language.
It's a call to prayer, and they call him the Mahdi.
Everyone calls him the Mahdi on Fridays on screens, and everybody worships him in lines, and it's translated in your language.
I saw him in Rome where the Vatican is.
Massive screens will be put on the Vatican.
These are screens like the ones they have around this huge temple in Oklahoma.
I tried to warn you all.
It's coming.
Many people laughed at me.
When I first told this, they laughed at me.
But those screens are how they worship, and it happened at the Vatican.
They do it right where the Pope is.
And guess what?
The Pope stands right next to him.
He stands right next to him.
And I know I have a lot of Catholic brothers and sisters that watch me, but I'm trying to warn you what happens.
I saw the Pope; he stands next to the Antichrist in the end.
He does; I watched him.
There's another man that stands on the other side of him, and I still have not figured out who that is.
I thought it was Noah Harari, but I am not totally convinced.
He wears a solid black outfit with a black thing on his head.
The Antichrist wears the white outfit just like he always does.
But I have to say all this is, in my opinion, part of that just because I'm on a livestream.
But I tell you all that to say this: when they start to use the drones and the chip communicates, it's a type of a Neuralink chip.
You know, like Neuralink, what's being worked on with all this AI technology.
It goes in your hand or it goes in your forehead, and it creates—not on everybody, but it creates a massive boil on your arm as a reaction to it.
And I saw a massive sore.
It looked like it was full of infection.
How many people are watching this?
5,000.
Okay, I'll keep going.
And you have a massive sore on your hand as you take this chip that's about to be introduced soon.
It's not what you think it is.
It's this small.
It's the size of a pencil eraser head and they inject it into you with a massive syringe.
I watched them do it.
And at the moment they inject you with this thing in your hand or your forehead, it instantaneously changes you and you're no longer a human.
What do you mean by that, Brandon?
You don't think normal anymore.
You become like a zombie.
All your emotions are gone within just a matter of seconds.
It sends some kind of message to your brain so that you don't think right anymore.
Do you know when the Bible says that men will try to seek death and they will not find it?
That's what the word of God says.
I saw people trying to jump off bridges to try to self-harm themselves.
And the moment they do, it sends an endorphin, some kind of hormone to your brain to make you calm that you don't do that.
Nobody tries to hurt anybody with mass shootings.
Nobody acts crazy anymore because the chip makes you dope down somehow.
That sounds way out there, but that's what I saw.
And I don't understand how it happens, but it happens with something with your brain and that stupid piece of metal in that thing, and they inject it in you.
I watched them.
The Christians that are left here, I saw them digging holes in the sides of mountains trying to bury, trying to have foxholes because the drones will find you.
The drones, they go by the thousands and they go over the earth like swarms of bees.
You can hear them coming.
I remember hearing them coming as I was standing there.
And you can hear them coming because there's so many of them, and they fly together and they scan the earth.
They scan everything looking for who has not had the mark.
Because as soon as you get the mark, it communicates to the drone.
But if you don't have that mark in your hand, the infrared, even at night, knows exactly where they were.
So you could not travel at night even very well.
I saw them crawling through farmers' cornfields trying to get corn, trying to steal whatever they could find.
The people who didn't want to take the mark were trying to steal vegetables or whatever they could find to try to survive, and they dug in the side of the mountains trying to hide themselves.
But if they started a fire in the winter to try to keep warm, the smoke and the heat from that fire, the drone sees, and it would send the authorities there.
And they gave you an opportunity to either take the mark and worship the beast, or they got your head cut off right there.
I watched it.
And if you have a child in the Tribulation, they're still here.
They don't have a second rapture for them.
The Bible says, 'Woe to those that give suck in those days.
' Remember this: if you have a child during the Tribulation, they're still here, and they suffer greatly.
Everybody lines up in lines to come in and out of towns, and they have checkpoints.
Do you know how, whenever you see these little—they're like roadblocks?
They put them everywhere, and you cannot get into a town or out of a town without having your hand scanned.
I try to warn you all what's coming.
It's coming so soon.
As you see all these things and all this escalation of things all around you, I pray your heart has Jesus Christ.
I pray that you understand the consequences of not having him for sin.
It's not worth it.
Jesus Christ died for you, and he paid the price for you to live a free life full of joy, full of peace, and full of all that he's given you.
People don't realize how much Jesus truly loves you.
But all these things are coming.
I saw the third temple after it's built.
I was there, and I watched it.
It's beautiful.
I was where the abomination of desolation takes place.
I watched him when he said he was God, and it was awful when he professes and all the things that take place, and the people worshiping him.
It was crazy.
I know I say a lot, y'all, but I just have compassion.
I'll never forget when I was there in the Tribulation.
There was a Starbucks at this location that was not there when I was there in the Tribulation.
It wasn't there in the natural and real physical form.
But as the years went by, this Starbucks now exists there.
It took, what, seven years?
And I told them, I said, 'One day there'll be a Starbucks right there on that corner.
' And people said, 'Oh my goodness, they'll never put a Starbucks there.
Are you kidding me?
' Then it was a barbecue place, then it became a taco place, and then they bulldozed the taco place down.
And then the next couple of times I went over, I asked, 'What are they building right there?
' And the lady said, 'You'll never believe it.
We're getting a Starbucks.
' And just like that, it's happening right there.
That's the way it looks in Tribulation on the day the rapture takes place.
You see that?
I want you to remember that.
Remember I told you, that's the Starbucks, ladies and gentlemen.
It's in the Tribulation and it exists.
Now, I warn you as a watchman to tell you it's time for you to give your heart to Jesus Christ.
You're running out of time.
You know, the Bible says it's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
There are many of you here who are riding the fence.
There are many of you who come and watch this, and you do it for entertainment because you just think it's kind of interesting that somebody might see the future.
But God didn't bring me here to entertain you.
He brought me here to prepare you that he's coming.
He told me, 'I want you to warn my people.
' And I said, 'Lord, they already know.
' He said, 'No, they don't.
They're running out of time.
You must warn my people.
' As I saw so many Christians that thought they were right run for their life to try to find a place because they knew they had heard it, but they chose to keep their vessel empty.
So there are ten altogether: there are five that kept their lamps full and there are five that weren't.
Five were watching for the bridegroom, Jesus, to come.
But the others were not filled with control by the Holy Ghost.
They were lukewarm, and they ran out the moment they said, 'We've got to go get our oil.
' Guess what?
If you're waiting to go get your oil and your lamps filled with oil, you're going to be too late.
You have to be in a state of readiness, filled all the time to capacity, not playing church, especially right now.
Especially right now.
Even if he gives us a couple more months, a window, whatever, it's time to fill up and bring in as many as you can.
But if you're here and you've lived your life in compromise and you're not living right before the Father, and you have a heart divided—a double-minded man is unstable in all his ways, the Bible says.
But if you are living in the world and you think you're going to make the rapture, you have another thing coming.
You better sell out today.
You have an opportunity right now to give your heart to Jesus and to be sold out to Jesus Christ because you're running out of time.
As you see the day approaches, look all around you at all these things that are taking place.
It's not normal right now.
Do you understand?
Do you not see?
It's not normal right now with all that's going on.
We're on the verge of a major world war.
We're just rice-paper thin for a major world war.
And many people go, "Oh, no.
That never happened.
It's rice paper thin.
We're seeing the beast system with crypto and all these things be brought out right now in front of your face.
A new industrial revolution.
All these things are being built with digital platforms.
Crypto, do you understand?
It will be used for the mark system.
A cashless society.
You will not be able to buy or sell or trade without the mark.
But the system will run off crypto for the mark, the mark of the beast on your forehead or your hand.
It's all happening right now as we speak.
Neuralink, the satellites above our Earth, that's how they communicate to it.
The drones and the chip are all communicating to Neuralink.
Neuralink, it's all around us up here.
I'm telling you what I've seen.
I was there.
Neuralink is the satellite system.
Internet everywhere.
It's not 5G, all this.
It's Starlink.
Yeah, Starlink.
Thank you, son.
Starlink.
Neuralink and Starlink.
They communicate.
But this right here, what he's working on to put in your head, all this stuff, it's not perfected all the way yet.
It's in the background.
I'm telling you, there's other companies that are trying to mock this, but they all communicate with those satellites and they communicate to the drones.
And when they scan, the drones are scanning throughout the whole world trying to find people who don't have it.
They tell the authorities, and black Hummers with blue lights on the back—I do not understand why the blue lights were there, but they come and they surround you and they point a thing.
They don't have shootings.
They use a thing that looks like a black megaphone, and they point it in your direction and it knocks you out cold.
There's no stun gun.
It's some kind of wave of energy.
And they use this thing, and they just point it in your direction for crowd control and everybody passes out, and it gives them enough time to round you up and give you an opportunity: 'Will you serve the beast or will we cut your head off?
' And that's exactly what they did.
And there was no mercy.
There was not even a thought about it.
They were stone cold.
You know why?
They already had the beast mark and they had no emotion.
They were just robots doing exactly what they were told.
I remember the farmers, they had.
22s and stuff to help them with varmints, but I didn't see everybody with major resistance.
I didn't see a coalition of resistance of people fighting against this.
I don't know why—you thought some of the patriots would have come out, even the ones that are not born again, that said, 'Hey, we're not going to have this because we've heard about it or whatever,' but I did not see resistance.
I should probably talk about this more to warn everybody, especially the people that you love the most, your family.
It's very heavy.
But I know that God brought me here for such a time as this to warn you of what's coming before it happens, to tell you that you must repent.
You must get your heart right.
So I tell you all this tonight.
If you do not know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior and you feel that itching on the inside of you and you feel that pull, you feel that stirring, and you're like, 'Man, what is that?
' That's the Holy Spirit knocking on your door.
He's a gentleman.
He will never force his way in on you.
That's the Holy Spirit tugging you.
You're here, new here, and you're like, 'I just came because it's interesting, whatever.
' But you feel that stirring on the inside of you.
The Bible says that no man comes to the Father unless He calls him.
And He's calling you right now if you feel that.
And I want you to make a decision.
You may be here and you're so strung out on drugs.
You may be so strung out on sex, whatever.
You have alcohol problems.
You've got all these issues and you're just looking for hope.
You're just looking for somebody to pray for you.
You're looking for somebody to tell you that there's something better on the other side of your issues.
And I'm here to tell you there is.
Jesus Christ paid the price for you to walk in victory in every area of your life.
But you have to get in His Word and you have to get sold out to Him and say, 'Jesus, I'm all in.
I need help.
I can't do this anymore.
My marriage is broken, busted, and disgusted.
My kids are strung out.
' You may just be a teenager here watching tonight and you're like, 'Man, I've been sleeping around, I've been doing all these things, and I feel so empty inside still.
All these people thinking they're a girl or a boy, they've got all this stuff going on, but they're so empty inside.
They don't even know who they truly are.
They're so bound by whatever they're bound by.
It's a demonic spirit.
But I'm saying they're bound by their own thinking.
Their mind is just reprobate.
They're not thinking right.
They're just tormented.
But I'm going to tell you, Jesus paid the price for you not to have to have torment anymore.
He wants you to walk a victorious life.
He wants you to surrender to Him, though.
And the only way you do it is by saying a simple prayer with me, and today can be your new start.
There's an expiration date to all your problems, and today, I believe, is the expiration date to the old man.
And He said, 'Behold, I make all things new.
Behold, He'll make all things new.
' The moment you confess your sins tonight, He said, 'Behold, I'm going to make all things new for you.
Your past is no more.
Your past is washed away, and today He's giving you a brand new start.
' So I want you to repeat this prayer after me.
If you're here right now, Jesus died for you publicly, and I want you to become public about how much you love Jesus and how you want a new, fresh start.
I want you to say in the comments section right now, 'Today's my day.
I don't want to go through that tribulation.
I want to be sold out to Jesus.
I want to give it all up right now.
I'm coming home.
Today's my day for salvation.
' I want you to do it right now.
Become public about it.
Tell everybody in the comments section.
You're not having to come down to the front of the church.
You're on the chat right now, and you're telling people, 'I need Jesus Christ as my Lord and personal Savior.
' I want you to do it right now.
I want you to tell everybody, 'I'm selling out to Jesus today.
I want Jesus today.
' Now, all throughout this YouTube land, all throughout all the cyber network, all around the world, whoever's watching this, I want you to pray this simple prayer with me.
It's not religion.
I'm telling you all, I get it.
There's a lot of religious people that hurt people, and they say things because hurting people hurt people, and I get it.
And it's been a distaste in a lot of the world's mouth.
'I don't want nothing to do with it because you've got some Karen being mean to you.
' But I want to tell you that Jesus Christ paid the price for you.
And I, Brandon Biggs, am not a religious person.
I'm a relationship person.
I am sold out, y'all.
And I don't really claim a religion.
I claim Christianity, but I don't claim a denomination, is what I'm talking about.
I don't claim Baptist, Methodist, Catholic, whatever.
I claim non-denominational Jesus Christ as my Lord and personal Savior, and I'm sold out.
He has done so much for me.
So, I want you to just be real with God today.
Just get real with God.
And I want you to say this simple prayer with me.
And it's easy.
The world tries to make it all hard.
You come just as I am.
Just as I am tonight.
I give my heart to Jesus as I am.
And Father, I come to you a messed-up mess.
And guess what?
God specializes in messes.
And he'll turn your mess into a message.
And he'll spread the gospel through you if you'll just let him do it.
So I want to pray this right now.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe that you died and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm asking you to come into my life.
I'm asking you to forgive me of my sins because I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
" From this day forward, I turn my back on the world.
I turned my back on the devil.
I turned my back on the things I used to be.
And today, Lord, I serve you from this day forward with my whole heart.
I'm sold out to you, Lord.
I dedicate my life to you, Lord.
I am yours.
Thank you, Lord, that you forgive me.
Thank you, Lord, that you cleanse me.
Thank you, Lord, that you wrote my name today in the Lamb's book of life.
I may stumble, Lord, and if I do, I run to you and I'll not run from you.
Help me with my issues that I've had.
Help me.
Help me to be strong and to submit myself unto God and resist the devil and he will flee.
That's what you do.
You got to ask him for help.
He's an ever-present help.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
He said he'll never leave you and he'll never forsake you.
Lo, to the end of the earth, I will be with you always.
That's what the Bible says.
He's never left you.
He'll never forsake you.
The moment you mess up, the moment you fall down, if you mess up with sin again, you run to God when you sin; you don't run away from him.
And the moment you confess your sin is not when God found out about it.
He knew about it the whole time.
It's the moment you got rid of it and washed it in the blood, and he doesn't remember it anymore after that.
The Bible says that once you confess it, he forgets it.
It's washed from his mind.
You say, "Jesus, I need help with it.
" And the moment you say that tonight, your past is no longer you.
You become a new man.
You are a new woman.
You're created in Christ Jesus.
You are a new creature.
You're a new child.
You're washed in his precious blood.
And I believe that with all my heart.
And if you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight, we want to celebrate you.
We want to give you a Bible.
My wife and I, our ministry, we love to give Bibles out to new people that give their heart to Jesus Christ on our channel.
You say, "Brandon, I don't have a Bible.
" Well, we want to give you one.
We just want to celebrate your life tonight.
We want to celebrate your decision that you gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
So, if you go down in the description below, there's an email address.
And I want you to put in the heading of the email that just says, "I got born again and I'd like to have a free Bible.
" So that's what we will do.
We'll send you a Bible and we'll never solicit you.
We'll never bother you again.
We just want to tell you congratulations.
Congratulations on your new relationship with our Lord Jesus.
And I believe the best is yet to come.
Now, what do you do after that?
You find a good Bible-believing church.
A non-denominational church is where I would go personally and tell that pastor, "I want to be water-baptized.
I need to get water-baptized.
I just gave my heart to Jesus on the internet and I want to be water-baptized.
" There are amazing churches out there that will give you like that are non-denominational.
Even my friend Billy Burke, he has a baptismal service.
I didn't even know it.
He does it in the ocean.
I'd love to go out there and get dunked by him out in the ocean.
That would be amazing.
I'd do it again.
I told you, you can't do it enough.
It's just saying, "Jesus, I'm sold out.
" Do you understand?
People try to complicate this and make it all religious.
It's just saying, "I'm sold out to you, Lord.
Here am I, Lord.
Use me.
I'm making a public declaration saying I'm sold out to Jesus.
" And that's what you do with baptism.
I'm just sold out to Jesus.
It's just so awesome.
I just want you to get excited about it.
But you get plugged in there.
Wednesdays and Sundays, if they've got church, go and plug yourself in there so that you can stand strong in these end times.
Do not be a sheep outside of the fold right now.
The wolf will come and devour you.
Especially as a baby believer, you need to get into the church and get plugged in there and learn the word.
Get strong in the word.
Read your Bible that I bless you with every single day.
Read your Bible.
And as you read it, it will change you from the inside out.
It will change you from the inside out.
Start with maybe Proverbs or Psalms, something easier.
And just read it and meditate on it and think about what God is saying about you.
And as you do, I told you it would change you from the inside out.
So, we want to encourage you today in your decision of making Jesus Christ your Lord and Savior.
And we just want to tell you we love you.
We're praying for you.
Come all the time and pray with us.
We do these YouTubes and broadcast live, and we pray with the people, and the Lord shows us that which is coming soon, and I believe it with all my heart.
He said we could pray and change things.
So, praise God.
So, that was that part of that.
Did that bless you all tonight, talking about that a little bit?
A 7.
4 earthquake right here in Russia.
We had a 7.
4 earthquake tonight.
The Lord told us that we would start to see these the moment they tried to divide the land, and we would see major earthquakes.
And it would happen in the Ring of Fire.
Remember this.
So, it happened.
It's happening.
Remember, I told you there'll be temples shaken clear to the ground in India.
I told you we would see a volcano go outside of British Columbia.
There will be a massive event with 30,000 people perish in the days ahead.
So let's pray tonight.
Who wants to go tubing now?
Have I taken too much of y'all's time?
How long was that, son?
An hour and 14 minutes.
Were there any salvations?
Yes, we had some good salvations.
Praise the Lord.
I'm excited to hear it.
I have to get a drink before we start praying.
How many are here on this live?
Around 500.
God saved 500 people tonight who gave their heart to Jesus Christ.
500 people.
Amazing what the Lord would do through a little YouTube channel.
So thankful for every single one of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight, all 500 or so of you.
Praise God.
So, let's take communion together.
And this video will stay up and it'll get lots more views than it has right now.
Last night when we were praying, we had over 30,000 people praying with us at a time.
30,000.
That's amazing, isn't it?
30,000 people.
That's a huge auditorium full of people praying for the exact same thing, where many hands make light work.
Isn't that awesome?
Many hands make light work.
And then we translate it to our other channels.
We have channels all throughout the world now.
We have eight, nine channels, I don't know, ten.
We have a lot.
It takes Braden a lot of work.
I told him, I said, "Son, you work really hard.
" There it is.
You see all that?
That's our channels throughout the world.
We're preaching the gospel and we're getting people saved one soul at a time.
But now the Lord said to me, he said, "Brandon, it will no longer be a fishing pole.
You're going to start having a net.
" So I believe we've got our net because the word came to pass because he gave us that word a couple months ago and now it's starting to happen.
500 here, 500 there.
It's a net.
That's a big net full of people.
That's no longer a fishing pole.
So it used to be we'd just get a couple people saved here and there.
Now we're getting what seems to be hundreds, if not thousands.
So isn't that wonderful?
Jesus is so wonderful.
I'm so glad you'd come and watch this and just be a part of our broadcast every time we do this.
It's such a blessing.
We take communion and pray.
We take communion before we pray here.
And I want you to take communion with me.
And you're new here.
We take communion.
And I do it differently than probably what the Catholic Church does it or anybody else.
I just do it the way this is right to me.
Okay.
So, Father, we lift up this body before you and we thank you, Lord, that you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, Lord, we are healed.
And Father, we're so grateful that you took all that on the cross for us.
And I believe that this is the meal that heals.
The more you take this, I believe in the power of the covenant.
This is a covenant that he said that we don't have to walk in sickness and disease.
Do you understand?
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in health, wholeness, and wealth.
Mentally, emotionally, physically, financially, you don't have to be broke, busted, and disgusted in your life anymore.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory in every area of your life.
There's nothing too big and there's nothing too small.
Jesus Christ paid the price for it all.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, for the body.
We thank you, Lord, that you took all that for us.
And we take this in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we call ourselves healed and whole and well in Jesus' name.
Don't flippantly just take it and go, 'Well, you know, it's just a wafer of juice.
' No, it represents something.
It's Jesus's sacrifice.
You're recognizing, taking it by faith, 'I'm healed.
I'm whole.
I'm well.
' And we take the blood right now in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Father, for the blood.
And we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
And we thank you, Lord, that the blood of Jesus Christ covers us all around this room, all around this house, all around my children, all around my wife, that no weapon formed against us would prosper.
We thank you, Lord, for the blood of Jesus, Father.
And we thank you, Lord, that we can pray and we see into the spirit.
We know what's coming because, Father, you show us.
We're not ever to be caught off guard.
We plead the blood over our eyes, our spiritual eyes, and over us, Father, that we're uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force or any kind of familiar spirit trying to snare us in any way.
Thank you, Lord, that we hear clearly what's coming in Jesus' name.
Amen.
And amen.
We plead the blood over our sin.
Thank you, Lord.
Now, that's what I do.
And then we pray.
I call it going tubing.
We'll pray for about an hour, I think.
Is that all right?
Tell me about an hour.
I think we'll pray about—well, a sweet hour of prayer.
I told him a word about Jesus coming and then I'll give him this and then we'll go.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, right now.
We just worship you.
We glorify your name.
Thank you, Lord, for finding the guy with the gun.
Thank you, Lord, that you brought him in.
Thank you, Lord, that you worked on that heart today.
That you worked on the heart this morning.
That you brought his dad before the pastor and the pastor told him, 'You need to turn that boy in.
' And Father, it was you that did that.
The dad could have hid him and put him in the back somewhere and did something with him.
But Father, you worked on our behalf and you went before us through prayer.
And we thank you, Father, that you exposed the darkness and you will bring forth justice and you'll bring forth healing to Erica.
We thank you, Lord, for the children tonight as they're missing their father.
Father, you're the ultimate Father and you step in and you give them comfort in their grieving.
I thank you, Father, that you bring comfort to Erica.
And Father, you bring comfort to the children, to their parents, to the grandparents, whoever's still alive—his cousins or his aunts, his uncles, whoever.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that there's comfort over that family right now in their time of darkness.
There's so many other people that are represented here that may not be a public figure, but they're going through something, Father, and they're hurting and they're grieving just like that.
They lost somebody in a tragic car accident.
Maybe their husband or their wife didn't make it home from work today.
Whatever it may be, Father, they may be at home right now and they just got a divorce letter.
They just got served divorce papers today and they're not knowing how they're going to salvage their life because they just lost their spouse through divorce.
But Father, I know that you're the God that will turn it on a dime.
Father, I know that in the midst of the darkest hour, when they're walking through that valley of the shadow of death, you said we would fear no evil, for you're with us.
We thank you, Lord, that your rod and your staff, they comfort us.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that you said in your word that you prepare a table before us in the presence of all our enemies, and we're eating from that table right now, and nothing shall by any means hurt us because our Father loves us.
He is the good shepherd and we shall not want.
He is the good shepherd in our life and we shall not want any good thing.
You said in your word, Lord, that you've never seen—David said, 'I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread.
' And Father, there's many people here tonight that have need.
There's so many people throughout the whole world that they're not able to pay their bills.
They're not able to pay their electric, their water, their rent, their car payment.
There's so many people that are going through so much right now and they're struggling financially.
I thank you, Lord, that you're the God that is a God that has a cattle on a thousand hills.
Father, you said in your word that you give and it shall be given unto you: good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over into our bosom.
Now Father, I thank you, Lord, for financial harvest for these people right now in every area of their life, that whatever they put their hands to, Father, you said that they'll be blessed.
They're blessed in the city.
They're blessed in the field.
They're blessed coming in and they're blessed going out.
I thank you, Lord, that you're providing seed for the sower right now.
That every single one of them are no longer struggling, Father.
That they have more than enough to do what they need to do.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we give you all the glory, honor, and praise that in the deepest darkest hour, the deepest pit, Father, you're there giving us a lifeline, saying, 'Hun, I'm giving you a way out.
' There's nothing too dark.
Nothing too dark that, Father, you can't turn the light on.
And when there's light, even if it's the size of a match, it makes all darkness flee.
I believe, Father, that you're that light, and in you there is no darkness at all.
And we lift up every single person who's going through some kind of dark trial in their life right now.
You may have just got a diagnosis of an incurable disease and you may be thinking this is my end.
I believe that God can turn it around right now.
You may think, 'Well, I just got this diagnosed and I've got only a couple days to live.
I've only got this time.
' Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're meeting them right there at the point of their need.
Healing and wholeness and wellness flows, Father, in the name of Jesus, that nothing is impossible to him who believes.
Nothing is impossible, no matter how big it seems.
Nothing is impossible.
All things are possible to him who believes.
All things are possible to him who believes in every area of your life.
It's never too late.
Until I take my last breath, even then I get the victory.
Do you understand?
It's never too late.
I believe that Jesus Christ is a healer.
I believe that Jesus Christ is a provider.
I believe that he'll take care of me.
If he took care of the widow in the Bible with the provision, if he took care of Elijah with the bread and the manna and the food, the sack of stuff every day twice a day, he'll take care of you.
If he took care of the children of Israel in the backside of a desert, he'll take care of you.
He's no respecter of persons, but he is a respecter of faith.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, that you're going to provide for us.
I thank you, Lord, that you provide for them.
I thank you, Lord, that you heal their bodies, that we're in the right place at the right time, doing exactly what you have for us to do.
Well, you say, "Well, I live in those areas where the earthquakes are.
I live in that.
" Father, I thank you that they're in the right place at the right time doing exactly what we're supposed to be doing.
We will fear no evil, for you are with us.
Father, we believe, Father, there's a divine protection over our households.
That you said your angels would bear us up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against a stone.
We believe, Father, that a thousand shall fall at our side and 10,000 at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh.
Father, I believe that for them tonight, that every single one of them is in the right place at the right time.
Say it out.
You have to say it.
I will always be in the right place at the right time doing exactly what the Lord has told me to do.
If he says don't go here, don't go there.
If you feel no peace, you say, "I'm on my way to the gas station.
" And the Lord says, "Don't go to that gas station.
Go to that one down the road.
" There's a reason.
Obey.
Whatever he tells you to do, do it.
That's why Mary told the people when turning the water into wine, "Whatever he tells you to do, do it.
" There is a lot.
Every miracle usually came out of an act of obedience in the Bible.
Think about Naaman.
Go dip in the river.
Go dip in the river seven times, sir.
Well, that sounds stupid.
I don't care.
Do it.
Do you want to be healed or not?
He dipped in the river, and he got out of there, and boom, he was healed.
But it came out of obedience.
You know why?
Because a lot of times it's humble yourself.
Do what God's told you to do.
Hey, I want you to move over here.
Well, that doesn't make any sense.
Do it.
I ask you to follow the voice of God in your life.
If you read the word, you pray, and you seek him, the Bible says, "My sheep will know my voice, and a stranger's voice they will not follow.
" And I just believe that he's good enough that he'll do it.
And if you miss it trying, whatever the devil meant for bad, God said he'll turn it around for good for you.
God's a God of second chances.
God's a God of third chances.
God is a God of fourth chances.
Even if you miss it trying, what was it?
It's better to stumble in faith than to sit in doubt.
Yeah.
Like Billy B, he said that.
I said, "My goodness, I love that.
It's better to stumble in faith than to sit in doubt.
" You can either sit there on your blessed assurance and be doing nothing because faith without works is dead.
You got to work your faith.
You got to put your boat into motion.
You got to put your boat in motion.
Got to walk it out by faith.
I don't know how many times I've been to a healing service believing for Megan to get her complete healing.
But I don't sit in doubt.
I may stumble in faith sometimes, folks.
And I keep stumbling sometimes, but I'm not going to sit down.
I put my boat in motion, acting out, saying, "My God is my healer for my baby girl.
My God is a healer for my Megan.
My God is a healer.
He is a rewarder of those that diligently seek him.
" Remember that he said, "I am a rewarder of those that diligently seek me, and those that seek me will find me.
" He said that, and I'm going to find him.
Blessed are the pure in heart, for they will see God.
So, God, whatever it takes to make my heart pure before you, search me and know me.
Create in me a clean heart because though he said he would give us the desires of our heart, I believe with all my heart that blessed are the pure in heart, for they will see God.
I just believe, Father.
I said, "Search my heart, Lord.
Cleanse me, make me new, help me.
" And usually it's just through fire, refining fire.
It's not always what my flesh wants.
So, Father, I thank you.
That's praying for all your needs in English so you can receive that.
And you know what?
I'm praying now.
I pray in tongues a little bit and see if he shows us anything and then we'll close it, okay?
But I believe that's for me believing for your marriages to turn around, for your households to be provided for, for every single one of you to have a victorious life.
And as you link up and you come and pray here, I thank you, Father, that they see fruit in their praying, and what they're believing for, that they're not praying and it's out here going, "Hello, hello, hello, hello.
God, are you there?
" and it's going all the way out there and you're going, "I don't think he heard me.
" But he heard you.
It's not echoes.
You're not echoing something.
It's real to you.
Jesus becomes real to you.
Don't you get tired of that?
God wants to become so real to you.
Jesus wants to become so real.
Shaking off all these preconceived ideas of everything and what you think it should be.
I just want something authentic.
Authentic.
I want a God that I can talk to.
I want a relationship that's real, an authentic relationship.
Not my grandma's relationship, not my mom and dad's relationship—I'm talking about your relationship with the Lord.
People will always let you down, but Jesus won't.
People will hurt you, but Jesus won't.
He is the only one I can tell you you can truly trust and say, "Hey, I give everything to you.
" Father, we just thank you, Father, for this time of prayer tonight.
We love you, Lord.
You're so good to us.
We thank you, Lord, that we are in the right place at the right time.
We pray for each one of those cities, all five of them tonight.
We pray for every single one of them, and we thank you, Father, that no calamity comes nigh these cities in Jesus' name.
Open the eyes of my heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of my heart.
I want to see you.
Open the eyes of my heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of my heart.
I want to see you.
To see you high and lifted up, shining in the light of your glory.
Pour out your power and love as we sing, "Holy, holy, holy.
" High and lifted up, shining in the light of your glory.
" Open the eyes of my heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of my heart.
I want to see you.
Open the eyes of my heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of my heart.
I want to see you.
I want to see you, Father.
We worship you tonight.
We worship you, Father.
And we just sit with you a while.
If I could just sit with you a while.
I need you to hold me.
I need you to hold me, Lord.
Moment by moment till forever passes by.
If I could just sit with you a while.
I need you to hold me moment by moment till forever passes by.
I thank you, Father, till forever passes by.
Become so real to them tonight.
Father, there's so many people so hurt and so thirsty, so broken tonight.
Lord, we ask you to become real to them.
Moment by moment till forever passes by.
Lord, I need you now, more than I know how.
And I humbly bow, hidden in you.
Father, we're so thankful.
We're so grateful.
If I could just sit with you a while.
I need you to hold me moment by moment till forever passes by.
That's where the refreshing's at.
Here's my cup, Lord.
I lift it up.
Lord, come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, I lift it up and make me whole.
Thank you, Lord.
I'll have no other, for I'll love you only.
I'll never forsake you or leave you alone.
Here in your arms, I'll always be at rest in the precious love you have for me.
Father, we just thank you, Lord.
Now Lord, as we sit at your throne, is there anything that we can do to help?
We're here, but Father, I know there's so much going on in so many people's lives, and I know, Father, that they could just sit with you a while.
You'll make everything better.
They strip all this stuff from this world off and they just curl up in your lap, and you say, 'Father, I need you.
I can't do this anymore without you.
I've tried and I give up today.
I love you.
Oh, how I love you.
' I'll have no other, for I'll love you only.
I'll never forsake you or leave you alone.
It's intimate.
Jesus, wonderful Jesus.
You're glorious, wonderful Jesus.
We thank you for your presence.
We thank you for your friendship.
We worship you.
You're so real.
Your presence makes me whole.
Jesus, oh Jesus.
Jesus, wonderful Lord Jesus.
Your presence makes me whole.
Your presence makes us whole.
Thank you, Lord.
Whatever you have need of right now in your household, the presence of the Lord is so wonderful here.
Just receive it right where you are.
Say, 'Jesus, your sweet presence makes me whole.
I receive it.
I believe, I receive.
I'm a believing believer that believes that your sweet presence makes me whole.
' As we gathered tonight, you promised to be with us, and you're here.
Your presence we feel, Jesus.
Oh Jesus, just receive it.
It's praying in the spirit, praying in the spirit in a brand-new tongue, praying in the spirit.
That's what I'm doing.
It's Acts chapter 2.
There are so many of you who have never been taught because the church doesn't teach it anymore.
Isn't it funny that the world attacks it the most because it's the one that brings us the power gift?
It's a power gift.
Your presence makes me—oh, your dear presence, Lord.
Father, we worship you today.
We praise you, Father.
We magnify your name in all the earth.
We glorify your name in all the earth.
Thank you, Father.
We praise you.
Thank you for all that you're doing in their lives tonight.
Thank you, Father, for healing them from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
Thank you, Father, that you become so real to them in the midst of their darkest hour.
Thank you, Lord, that you become real to them, Father, in their relationship with you, that the Holy Spirit, you become so real to them that it's more real than this natural.
He's more real to me than the natural.
Do you understand?
The more I develop every single day, the more I see Him every single day, the more the Holy Spirit and the Lord become so real to Brandon Biggs.
I'm a work in progress just like every single one of you are.
But I'm learning how to tap into the river and get that water to overflow on you.
It's taking lots of time filling my cup, Lord.
And it's a dance.
It's not 'you lead and He follows'; it's 'He leads and you follow.
' It's a dance.
Prayer is a dance.
And prayer is worship, prayer is singing, prayer is praise.
Most people think you've just got to go and just flap your mouth all the time.
Worship Him and come up higher in your prayer time.
Worship Him.
It's not all just jump in the river and do what you've got to do to get—no, no, no, no.
He leads, you follow.
It's a symphony.
It's a dance.
And if He's a gentleman, you be a gentle person, too.
You don't come into somebody's house and just flip on all the lights or whatever.
You're polite when you're invited.
You go into His throne room, His courts of thanksgiving and praise, into His house.
So, you're a guest.
I'm yours, I'm your child, Father, but I'm a guest in your home.
So, I'm going to dance with you.
How do you want this to go today?
Not what I think, but what you want.
And sometimes He just wants you to worship in prayer time.
And there's more in a targeted prayer of worship than you flapping your mouth for 30 minutes and being in La-La Land.
Sometimes prayer is a dance like this: sing, worship, and then, as He inhabits the praises of His people, you make your requests known unto God.
What is it that you have need of?
He knows what you have need of before you do.
But sometimes it's just being polite—that's what I'm trying to say.
It's like a flow dance.
A lot of times I come in here and I do what I've got to do, but I've already had my dancing time before.
This is me today because I've been so busy, just worshiping.
This is my intimacy.
I'm showing it to you publicly.
It's very private, but you have to teach by example.
You teach by example: worship.
You attract to deflect, but at the same time, you're worshiping Him in prayer.
And then you go deep in the rivers in the spirit when you're praying in tongues.
But you do not just go busting in there and being rude.
How would you be if somebody knocked down your door and said, 'We've got to talk'?
'Of course.
Hold on, I brought you a present.
I want to sing.
' Father, I love you.
We glorify your name in all the earth.
The Bible says if we don't worship Him, the rocks will cry out.
But I refuse to let the rocks do my job.
If we don't praise Him, the rocks will cry out.
We're His children; why would I have the rocks do my job?
He deserves the praise.
He deserves the glory.
He deserves to be honored and reverenced.
For you are great; you do miracles so great.
There is no one else like you.
You deserve the glory and the honor.
Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we bless your holy name.
For you are great; you do miracles so great.
There is no one else like you.
Father, we just thank you.
Now, Lord, if I feel a release to stop singing, Father, is there anything we can do to help?
Lord, we're here for you and we'll pray.
There's so many probably still here.
Maybe not, I don't know.
But I know, Father, that it doesn't take a lot to get a lot done.
And Father, I worship you and I pray a hedge of protection around Trump right now in the name of Jesus.
I put a bloodline around Trump, and I cover him in the name of Jesus.
I cover JD Vance.
I cover the children.
I cover Don Jr.
, all around Don Jr.
I cover him in the name of Jesus and around Kai.
And Father, I thank you, Lord.
There is protection for that family, that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
We pray a hedge around and about our president, and around Melania, and around Barron, and around all the Trump family.
And every plot, every plan that the enemy would try to do to try to kill, steal, and destroy, we thank you, Lord, that it's uncovered.
We pray over our Homeland Security, over our law enforcement, the sheriff's department, over our local police department.
Father, over the National Guard as they bring law and order to this nation, Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's protection over our ICE agents.
Father, they're just doing their job and they're bringing law and order back to this nation like it should be.
I thank you, Father, that every drug dealer, every gang member, the trafficking of these children stops now.
I thank you, Father, that you're exposing traffickers right now in the name of Jesus—every hotel room, every cockroach place where they're harboring these kids, or any palace that they might be at like an Epstein place.
Father, we call forth an exposing over this darkness.
And we call the captives free in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we say, let the eyes of understanding be enlightened and this darkness that's been on their mind.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the law enforcement would be able to see where these kids are, where these children are.
We thank you, Lord, that you would give them supernatural wisdom right now and show them even in a dream.
Show them in a dream: drive over here and they're over here, drive over there and they're over there.
But every child that's being used by a pedophile, Father, or is being trafficked, we call them free in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord.
We call these children home.
We call them all around Europe.
All the ones that are being trafficked out of Ukraine, we call them found in Jesus' name.
And anyone that touches them, Father, I thank you, Lord.
These children that are being messed with, the very men or women that are touching them, they fall over dead right there.
Judgment would set in, for seedtime and harvest would set in.
No more touching the children.
Father, we pray a hedge of blood around and about these kids.
Father, in the name of Jesus, Father, I thank you, Lord.
They will not be trafficked anymore and sold for slavery or doing all this evil that's been going on.
I thank you, Lord, that you're bringing a close to this now all over I-35, all over California, all over these areas, Father, where these children are being trafficked.
We call them secure and safe, and these men and women that are doing these evil things, we thank you, Lord, that it's uncovered now in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Father, we use our authority and we thank you, Lord, all the way up to Chicago, going all throughout Canada, all over the place.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that these young men and women—especially these young women and young men, Father—they are being brought home to their families.
We thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that there's no more darkness touching them.
We put a hedge of thorns around and about them tonight.
They will not be touched anymore by the wicked one.
The unclean hand will not touch them anymore.
We call for the unclean hand not to touch these children anymore.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
The unclean hand will not touch them, and there's a hedge.
I remember Billy was using that scripture in Hosea that there's a hedge of thorns—not a crown of thorns—it's a hedge of thorns around and about them.
There's a hedge of thorns, I believe it was in Hosea.
But Father, I thank you, Lord.
We use the scripture and we believe, Father, that there's a covering around and about these children right now, that the hedge of thorns is around and about them, and an unclean hand will not touch them.
And we believe, Father, for this right now, that these sex traffickers will be caught and brought to justice in the mighty name of Jesus, and the fentanyl stops coming over our border.
Father, that the fentanyl pandemic stops now.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that every tunnel, every truck, every plane—whatever it may be, train, whatever they're coming by—I thank you that it's uncovered and brought to justice in the name of Jesus, by our Border Patrol and by our people watching out for the drugs.
The cartels will go broke in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
What's wrong?
Hosea 2:6.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for Hosea 2:6.
They'll be covered with the thorns around and about them so that they will not be touched by the unclean hand.
Lord, they'll not be touched by an unclean hand.
Thank you, Father.
We give you praise and glory.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for our divine protection over our land and over our New York City.
I thank you, Father, as they go before the UN, we see the sheep and the goat nations being divided.
You said that you would see the sheep and the goats—who's a sheep nation and who's a goat nation.
Thank you, Father, that America stayed on the good side, that 'those that bless Israel, I will bless, and those that curse Israel, I'll curse.
' You say, 'Well, how could you stand for that?
How could you?
' I'm not standing for a party.
I'm not standing for Benjamin Netanyahu.
I'm not standing for that.
I'm standing with Israel—the people, not with the government.
The people.
I bless the land.
The land is bigger than a government.
Governments come and go, but Israel will stay forever.
The land of Israel will stay forever.
Governments come and go just like they do here.
But Israel is forever.
That's who I stand with.
Israel is forever.
Do you understand that?
It's not a government.
Governments make bad choices just like the last administration made bad choices.
Just like sometimes he can make bad choices.
We pray for our leaders.
I believe it's Proverbs 21:1 that says the heart of the king is in the hand of the Lord.
The heart of the king is in the hand of the Lord.
So we pray for the king's heart.
He said he can change it.
I believe that the verse says he changes it and he turns it.
He's the one that does it all.
I know it's Proverbs 21:1.
I believe that's the right verse.
But I'm saying the heart of the king is in the hand of the Lord.
So what I'm trying to tell you all is that God's got the heart of Benjamin.
God will change and rearrange things the way that he needs to as he sees fit.
So we pray for the hearts of our leaders because they're the ones that were put in position by us voting them in there.
So we ask, Father, to change the heart of Mark in Canada.
We ask, Father, to change the heart of these dark people.
Thank you, Father.
Nothing's too big and nothing's too small, ladies and gentlemen.
God knows everything, and he's made a way for it all.
He's changed the path.
He changes—the heart of the king is in the hand of the Lord.
So I'm not going to get all shook up.
Well, this Gaza Strip and all these people being murdered and genocide and all this stuff—it looks terrible.
It does.
But I'm not standing with Bibi.
I'm standing with the nation of Israel regardless of all the stuff I see that's going on.
It's terrible.
Yes, people are starving.
People are suffering, and I pray for the young children.
I pray for the people that are dying.
People get so mad at me, but I pray for the suffering.
I do.
But I stand with Israel, praying for the land—the land, what it represents in the Bible, right?
Like I said, governments come and go.
He could be removed tomorrow.
You could put it in another government.
So you still hate Israel then.
See, it's a leader.
You don't like the leader; it's not the land.
You've got to separate the two.
Those that bless Israel, I'll bless, and those that curse Israel, I will curse.
And that's the difference.
And that's what we see right now at the UN.
And I don't try to come across controversial.
I'm trying to tell you what the word says.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, for the land.
We thank you, Father, for the land.
We bless it.
We bless them.
We pray for peace over Jerusalem.
We pray for peace over the people.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We bless them in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, that they would seek you and they would find you, they would know you, Father, that all would come to repentance.
Thank you, Lord.
Praise the Lord.
Praise God.
Well, I told you I'd give you about two hours.
How long's it been?
Two hours and 10 minutes.
Did you get anything out of this tonight?
Did you get blessed by it?
We pray you did.
Thank you, Lord, for you are great.
Thank you that you're setting those traffickers free.
Thank you, Lord, that you're making a dent in this.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, for your great hand on this nation.
And there's revival coming from sea to shining sea, all around Africa, all around Asia, all around South America.
We pray for every land, for there will be a great harvest of souls throughout Europe and the Middle East.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for our brothers and sisters throughout this whole world.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there is stirring in every single one of them, and there's revival in their towns, in their cities, in their villages, wherever they are.
I thank you, Father, that there's a great move of the presence of God on their congregation where they worship.
And we thank you, Lord, that the greatest harvest of souls starts with one of them, one of them just saying, 'Yes, here am I, Lord.
' And healing and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory is on them in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, for your deliverance.
We thank you, Lord, for your mercy tonight.
We thank you for the worship.
We thank you for your presence, Lord.
We give you praise and glory.
I don't feel a total release yet, so I hope you'll buckle up a little bit.
I feel filled to pray a little bit here, and the only way I can do that is by praying in the spirit because I'm out of English tonight, folks.
I've dumped my load.
I go, 'Okay, I'm done.
I don't know what to say, but I'll pray in the spirit for a little bit with you because that's the only way I can get through this now.
' Don't you just like authentic?
I'm telling you, I try to be.
I'm just telling you, I'm just being real.
I get tired of super fake Christians.
It's like, get over yourself.
Come on now.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus.
We'll pray a little bit here.
Uh-oh.
I'm in Italy.
I'm at the volcano.
You made a bad choice.
Watch Italy.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say, 'A shaking, a shaking.
I see a shaking.
' I see it in the middle of the day.
I'm talking about a great eruption.
A great eruption is coming to Italy.
I see a great eruption again coming to Italy, and it will seem like the very foundation will be ripped in half.
I see it divided.
I see a major crack in Italy.
A great shaking is in Italy.
A great shaking will come to Italy.
I see the city on the coastline again.
And I see the canary in the coal mine, son.
And the canary in the coal mine is outside on the perch.
And because there's gas that will come up from the earth, I see the canary fall off the perch, dead in the bottom of the cage.
There's gas from the earth as this volcanic eruption occurs.
The area around the volcano, it goes out, and I see the shoreline again, and I see there's a gas that comes up through these cracks.
A canary in the coal mine, the Lord said, 'That's how clear this is.
' I see it, but it's in the day.
Last time it was in the night, remember?
And the angels were waving their hands and they were saying, 'Come up, pray, pray, pray.
' And there was a gas coming up out of the land, just like I saw the land and the shadow.
The very Catholic foundation, the very Catholic Church.
I see Rome shaking.
I see the Vatican shaking.
I'm talking about structural damage to the Vatican.
That's how much structural damage is there.
I see cracks in this.
I'm talking structural damage upon certain landmarks, like a very large earthquake, and tremors, great aftershocks.
One major one.
I see the number 6.
7.
It's very bold before me: 6.
7 aftershocks.
Hurry and go.
Civil unrest.
Civil unrest in France on a greater scale.
I'm talking about an uprising of people.
Antifa.
I see many fires, many uprisings.
This is like rioting, throwing smoke.
I see lots of throwing smoke.
An uprising, a civil unrest is coming.
And it will transfer and trickle into Germany.
I see Germany.
Pray in the spirit concerning this.
Do you understand?
The only way I can describe this to you is like a mist trying to come in on the land.
It's like a mist, but it's a demonic spirit of civil unrest.
And so as you pray as a believer over your land, over your neighborhoods, this is like a fog.
It looks similar to a yellow fog.
And it's like cauliflower.
It's like that, like cauliflower, the layers of it, you know, the structure of it.
When I'm looking into this, it looks like a fist of a mist, but it's not black, but a yellow mustard color, trying to raise up civil unrest on a greater capacity, anarchy, an acceleration of the end of all things in Europe.
An acceleration.
Thank you, Father.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you show us more today.
Is there more today?
I'm seeing Canada again.
The enemy within Canada.
We already know what I've seen about Canada.
I can repeat it again because I see it again.
But the earthquakes again, British Columbia.
I talked about it a little bit ago, and I see it so clear again, but it's in the water.
The water, the Ring of Fire in the water.
Tsunamis, tsunami waves.
Thank you, Lord.
You show us that which is to come.
Now, instantaneously, I glance over and I see India again.
India, Modi.
A great earthquake is coming to India.
I see India.
I see those temples shaking again, shaking of the temples, shaking of the false gods.
A great shaking to awaken.
A great revival is coming to India.
A great shaking is coming to India.
I see like a crocodile or alligator tail, and that's interesting.
It goes out like a lizard's tail from that.
Then, a tail would be a telling of a tale—a long lizard tail.
I always try to wrap my mind around what the Holy Spirit is showing me.
Alligators, you know, a thick alligator tail, thick, huge, and it came out of it like this.
And I was thinking, 'What is that?
' Thank you, Father.
Glory to God today.
I'm not saying glory to God for the destruction, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm saying glory to God.
I'm praying in Him because I can't do this on my own.
He has to show me, so I give Him glory.
You understand?
People say, 'Why would you praise God over that?
' No, I'm not praising God; I'm praising God because Brandon Biggs is nothing without Jesus.
Thank you, Father, that it's over.
I don't see anything else.
I see that's what He wanted to say, and now it lifted.
He wanted to talk about Italy, and that is a hotspot right there.
There's something huge with Italy—huge.
It's circled.
But the other is just like all escalation.
Civil unrest for all things is about to escalate.
Escalation.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Lord, that You show us more to come.
Escalation.
Jesus is coming, ladies and gentlemen.
That's the bottom line.
He's coming.
Thank you, Father.
How many here tonight?
Well, I think we'll end it, son.
5,000.
I think we'll end it.
I could keep praying like I always do, buddy, but I haven't eaten dinner yet, and it's already almost here.
Thank you, Father.
I see Boston again.
Boston.
And you know what?
I've seen the next Boston.
The Lord warns you, oh Boston, pray.
City of Boston, pray.
Pray in Boston.
Pray, oh...
We thank You, Lord.
Glory to God.
Shaking to awaken.
There are so many people I see traveling—migrating is what I want to call them in this vision.
There are so many people migrating out of these areas, coming south.
So many people in the days ahead will migrate out of these areas.
They'll migrate.
They'll want to leave for their children; they'll want to leave for their family, feeling it's safer.
The jet streams go from west to east.
They carry things.
I've told you about the ash and the soot upon the land, you know, that was so thick it looked like some kind of membrane.
It was thick and nasty, the way it looked on the land.
In other words, the ash will travel in the jet streams.
Praise the Lord.
Well, I'm tired.
I have to end it now.
My flesh is done; I've got to get rest.
I really appreciate every single one of you, and I pray for every single one of you.
I appreciate you joining me, and we'll keep continuing to do this.
The Lord told me through the month of September to keep praying over this month so strong.
There's a lot there, and like you see, it happened again today.
Major decisions were made today, and then the Lord is showing me the repercussions of the decisions.
I'm sure I'll get more when I get done, but it's a lot easier to pray by myself in my private times than praying to tens of thousands of people.
So, it is a blessing that every one of you would want to pray.
God bless you and continue to pray for me.
I really appreciate it.
I needed it.
It's a lot of spiritual warfare for me, and I appreciate it.
Thank you for your prayers and praying for my family.
God bless you all, and thank you.
If you could do me a favor, please, before you leave, if you're new here, could you subscribe to my channel?
I don't ever ask you all for anything.
I don't.
But this does help me spread this gospel throughout the whole world.
Subscribe.
If you're new here, and you've never been to one of my broadcasts, and you've never taken the time to subscribe, if you could help us, subscribe to the channel, click the like button, and say something nice.
When the video is over, go back and say something nice in it so it helps boost it in the algorithm.
It really helps us.
You know, we're not really popular with probably the YouTube algorithm because of what we say, but we know that if we work together, we can overcome the algorithm.
So, we're so thankful for all of you and every one of you that support us in that way.
God bless you.
Remember, we love you, and we pray for you all the time.
But we say, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again, maybe tomorrow.
I don't know.
We'll see.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.